my name is Matt Jones I'm a Spitfire
pilot here at Goodwood the idea from
challenge came from 41 6.com so this was
an opportunity in my eyes and clearly in
40 16 decides to bring two British icons
together at an airfield that has
phenomenal British history I'm Mike Ross
and chief engineer vehicle integrity at
jaguar land rover i think it's a
fabulous idea and tonight knowledge
nobody's ever raced a car against an
aeroplane off-road and it's certainly a
first for me so we're really excited
I'll be flying the victor supermarine
spitfire tr9
a v12 Merlin engine dual-stage dual
speed supercharger producing 1750 was /
the new range rover sport we've got
today's completely standard survey to
the specific charged engine so 510
horsepower whereas entires a completely
standard so cars one Molly for to talk
what I've got to do today's accelerate
from standing start at one end of the
runway as fast as I can before the other
end stop turn around and accelerate back
to where I started from and hopefully
get back there before the aeroplane ders
I think Mike's expectations are for me
to just turn as tightly as i possibly
can to get back to the runway I'm not a
hundred percent sure whitewater i'm
going to do yet I've got a few ideas and
there's a look closer to the start of
the race I'll make that decision but I
might have something up my sleeve hi
guys Mike hi well I'm here is the clock
the course today I guess I'm here to
make sure you know the route and you
know the objectives due to win
absolutely so all the very best of luck
for this fantastic 41-6 challenged at
Goodwood I never heard a Spitfire so
that's going to be great sitting in the
car getting the Spitfire right next to
me the the aeroplane is extremely
naughty and I wouldn't want to put
as the runways quite bumpy I'm going to
select dynamic mode that sharpens up the
responses of the car I'll probably
manage between 20 miles now I don't know
who's going to win I really hope we do
but probably outlet well the Spitfires
pedigree and I'm flying it and I feared
I'd be letting people down if I didn't
at least go into the race thinking I was
going to win
best of three okay tomorrow morning
tomorrow morning
you